Update enable-attack-surface-reduction.md (#7774)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/enable-attack-surface-reduction.md

   - In **Platform**, select **Windows 10 and later**
   - In **Profile type**, select **Templates**

>    - If there are ASR rules already set through endpoint securituy, In **Profile type**, select **Settings Catolog**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If ASR rules are already set through Endpoint security, in **Profile type**, select **Settings Catalog**.
```
